README.md, before:

#A formidable list of Frontend Development learning resources

----
## Compilations

[Awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/): A curated list of awesome lists.

----
## JavaScript

[bmkmanoj/js-by-examples](https://github.com/bmkmanoj/js-by-examples): A collection of code snippets explaining JS concepts.


[getify/You-Dont-Know-JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS): A book series on JavaScript


[Professor Frisby’s Mostly Adequate Guide to Functional Programming](https://www.gitbook.com/book/drboolean/mostly-adequate-guide/details)

----
### React
[Complementary Tools](https://github.com/facebook/react/wiki/Complementary-Tools): A very formidable list of React tools, by Facebook

[React for Beginners](https://reactforbeginners.com/): React video series by [Wes Bos](https://twitter.com/wesbos?lang=en)

[ReactJS Program](http://courses.reactjsprogram.com/courses/reactjsfundamentals/lectures/821020): A project based, linear approach to learning React.js and the React.js ecosystem.

[React](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLUAEXpf1UDMkzPOiNJBrlqsUryn7n2cnK): Youtube: What I Learned Today - Atomic Jolt

[We Must React](http://codestorm.top/we-must-react-ep-01-lets-start-with-webpack-and-babel/): Learn
[React](https://facebook.github.io/react/),
[ES6](http://es6-features.org/): and web pack

[React and ES6](http://egorsmirnov.me/2015/05/22/react-and-es6-part1.html): Blog series by Egor Smirnov

----
## CSS

[CSS Protips](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/css-protips): A collection of tips to help take your CSS skills pro.

[What the flexbox?](http://flexbox.io/#/)

----
## SVG

[Finessing `feColorMatrix`](http://alistapart.com/article/finessing-fecolormatrix): A blog about SVG filters used for photo manipulation

----
## Git

[How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on Github](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github): egghead.io course

----
## DevTools

[Which Browser Extensions do Web Developers Use?](http://blog.reybango.com/2016/01/20/which-browser-extensions-do-web-developers-use/): A blog post about browser experiments

[eslint-config-airbnb](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/packages/eslint-config-airbnb)

[Mockaroo](https://www.mockaroo.com/): Realistic data generator for testing

----
## DesignTools

----
## Code Challenges
### JavaScript

[Wes Bos JS Challenge #1](https://twitter.com/wesbos/status/694530601286676480?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=question): Start example in
[CodePen](http://codepen.io/wesbos/pen/zrLjYq)

[Wes Bos JS Challenge #2](https://twitter.com/wesbos/status/699967550621380608?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=question): Start example in [CodePen](http://codepen.io/wesbos/pen/JGVryP)

----
## Job Sites

[https://www.workshape.io/](https://www.workshape.io/)

[https://hired.com.au/](https://hired.com.au/)

Commit message:

add Thinking in React by Pete Hunt

README.md, after:

#A formidable list of Frontend Development learning resources

----
## Compilations

[Awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/): A curated list of awesome lists.

----
## JavaScript

[bmkmanoj/js-by-examples](https://github.com/bmkmanoj/js-by-examples): A collection of code snippets explaining JS concepts.


[getify/You-Dont-Know-JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS): A book series on JavaScript


[Professor Frisby’s Mostly Adequate Guide to Functional Programming](https://www.gitbook.com/book/drboolean/mostly-adequate-guide/details)

----
### React
[Complementary Tools](https://github.com/facebook/react/wiki/Complementary-Tools): A very formidable list of React tools, by Facebook

[React for Beginners](https://reactforbeginners.com/): React video series by [Wes Bos](https://twitter.com/wesbos?lang=en)

[ReactJS Program](http://courses.reactjsprogram.com/courses/reactjsfundamentals/lectures/821020): A project based, linear approach to learning React.js and the React.js ecosystem.

[React](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLUAEXpf1UDMkzPOiNJBrlqsUryn7n2cnK): Youtube: What I Learned Today - Atomic Jolt

[We Must React](http://codestorm.top/we-must-react-ep-01-lets-start-with-webpack-and-babel/): Learn
[React](https://facebook.github.io/react/),
[ES6](http://es6-features.org/): and web pack

[React and ES6](http://egorsmirnov.me/2015/05/22/react-and-es6-part1.html): Blog series by Egor Smirnov

[Thinking in React](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/thinking-in-react): Blog post that will help you visualise a React App by Pete Hunt

----
## CSS

[CSS Protips](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/css-protips): A collection of tips to help take your CSS skills pro.

[What the flexbox?](http://flexbox.io/#/)

----
## SVG

[Finessing `feColorMatrix`](http://alistapart.com/article/finessing-fecolormatrix): A blog about SVG filters used for photo manipulation

----
## Git

[How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on Github](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github): egghead.io course

----
## DevTools

[Which Browser Extensions do Web Developers Use?](http://blog.reybango.com/2016/01/20/which-browser-extensions-do-web-developers-use/): A blog post about browser experiments

[eslint-config-airbnb](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/packages/eslint-config-airbnb)

[Mockaroo](https://www.mockaroo.com/): Realistic data generator for testing

----
## DesignTools

----
## Code Challenges
### JavaScript

[Wes Bos JS Challenge #1](https://twitter.com/wesbos/status/694530601286676480?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=question): Start example in
[CodePen](http://codepen.io/wesbos/pen/zrLjYq)

[Wes Bos JS Challenge #2](https://twitter.com/wesbos/status/699967550621380608?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=question): Start example in [CodePen](http://codepen.io/wesbos/pen/JGVryP)

----
## Job Sites

[https://www.workshape.io/](https://www.workshape.io/)

[https://hired.com.au/](https://hired.com.au/)
